
Thank you again for playing! I'm pretty happy with this one. It's 27
stages long, and your progress is saved, so if you didn't quite
finish, you can always come back and the game will remember your
progress.

Minor easter egg: You may have noticed there are little patterns in
the dirt on each stage. Most of these are generic icons that don't
have any meaning, but there are references to six past Mercerenies Jam
games in the patterns. See how many you can identify :)

--- SPOILERS ---

The final stage (27. Nightmare) is fairly difficult in its own right,
so I've included a walkthrough for it below. I recommend trying the
stage before reading on, but if you're struggling and just want to see
the ending cutscene, then read on.

As you proceed, do not free any beehives that don't absolutely have to
be freed. If the instructions don't mention a beehive, then assume it
should stay boxed inside of dirt safely.

1. Collect the left-gravity cabbage immediately. Collect the easy
(non-gravity) cabbage next to it, while you're here.

2. Destroy the dirt above the bomb.

3. Move the upper-left bees so that they won't die when you hit the
up-gravity cabbage.

4. Hit the up-gravity cabbage, making sure not to box yourself into
the upper-right corner as you do so.

5. Move the upper-left beehive again so that it's ready for the
right-gravity cabbage to be hit.

6. Collect the top cabbage that the bomb just freed.

7. Find three free boulders and use them to fill the hole that the
bomb made at the top of the screen. You need to build a bridge. There
are several boulders that can do this, so pick three.

8. Now move the topmost beehive to the far right, across the new
bridge you just made. It should be boxed in on the top, right, and
bottom now.

9. Find a fourth free boulder and use it to completely box in the
top-right beehive you just buried. That beehive should be covered on
all four sides now.

9. Collect the right-gravity cabbage.

10. Push the top-left beehive again, so that it's safe for the
down-gravity cabbage.

11. Collect the down-gravity cabbage.

12. Collect the final cabbage on the far left of the screen.
